what's going on everybody in the Jason
nation my name is Jason and welcome back
to another episode of every single gun
fully upgraded in exo-zombies in today's
episode we're gonna be reviewing and
talking about the da l 27 and showing it
fully upgraded not excluding the diamond
camo mark 25 upgrade that you get after
the easter egg which I have previously
said that I will not be covering in this
series if you're just tuning into the
series in this the first time you're
watching it make sure you go check out
the playlist the link to that will be in
the description as always and you can
feel free to check out some of the other
videos we've done for some other weapons
in this series also don't forget if you
want to see a video where I used a gun
that you suggest make sure you leave
your suggestion down in the comment
section and I will try to get around
doing that as soon as possible anyway
like I said in this episode we're gonna
be reviewing the bal-27 so the bal-27 is
a fully automatic assault rifle that was
introduced in advanced warfare this gun
has an exceptionally high rate of fire
and damage in the multiplayer but
believe it or not this gun is actually
pretty horrible in zombies you know of
course it's still you know pretty good
gun within the first 10 to 15 rounds but
that starts to become a little you know
not so good I guess
funny enough you think that upgrading
the gun to mark 20 would highly
increased either you know its rate of
fire or its damage however it only
increases damage by 2.8 percent every
time you upgrade so just like every time
you upgrade your gun when you first
start with your gun you're at a minimum
percent and then it goes up to by 2.8
percent every single time you upgrade
and then when you get the final one
which is mark 20 you're still only at
about 97% in order to get a 400% damage
on your gun you would obviously have to
get the secret mark 25th up which is you
know wise programmed in the game but
like I said we're not gonna be covering
that in this series but that being said
the mark 20 be a all I it's absolutely
horrible in later rounds around like 22
plus you can see in the gameplay I
provided here in a couple of you know
seconds from now you know it's not a
very good gun cuz you'll see it takes
about a clip to kill about 3 zombies in
this one and one of these clips coming
here but that personally and my a my
review and my thoughts on the be al I
mean it's a good gun it's a good point
builder the only thing that it does
lacking is its amount of ammo capacity
and the fact that its damage isn't as
high as you would you know expect it to
be but that's because it's basically
just the same damage as something like a
like the scar-h from black ops 2 in the
box or something that was like a weapon
that you could get that was good for
them first a little while but after a
while it just wasn't any good anymore or
was a scratch and zombies I'm pretty
sure it was a nervous it was I'm one of
those assault rifles like the
dak or whatever I was I can
exactly remember which one don't kill me
for that but I don't remember exactly
which sorrowful is I think I'm talk
about the scar-h now if I remember
correctly those and zombies um but like
I said here as you can see when I take a
better shot at the zombies it doesn't
take exactly the most minimal amount of
bullets to kill them uh you know I
recommend this definitely getting this
gun as an upgrade as you can see right
here it does damage but it doesn't do
enough to the point where you know you'd
want to actually kill right here you'll
see it actually takes a full clip and
I'd only end up taking about three
zombies out but that's cuz it is hipfire
and keep them in mind but I do have a
laser sight on it so obviously it is in
my best interest to want to hipfire this
thing now like I said when you do
upgrade your gun around the fourth
upgrade you usually get yourself a
reticle in some cases it can be an ACOG
some cases it can be a bearable in some
cases it could be like a red dot I think
it's actually called the hammer sight or
something like that or the the reflex
scope or something where you can
actually toggle between our sorry it's
called a hybrid sight where you can
actually toggle between the sights that
you're using but anyway guys that's all
the time I have for today I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to slap the like button down below
and subscribe to the Jason nation if
you're not already and a new episode
this comes out every other day so if you
guys are excited for that like I said
make sure that the like button and I'll
catch you guys in the next one peace
you